Add note about different Azure approach (#6837)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/extending/key-vault.md

### Update your Key Vault Access Policy

> {% hint style="info" %}
> Alternatively, you can use Role-Based Acccess Control on your Azure Key Vault.
> 
> Learn more about this in the different between the two approaches and how to migrate between them on the [Azure Documentation platform](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/rbac-access-policy).
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
Alternatively, you can use Role-Based Access Control on your Azure Key Vault.

Learn more about the difference between the two approaches and how to migrate between them on the [Azure Documentation platform](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/rbac-access-policy).
{% endhint %}
```
